
Going into this class, my goal was to learn about the internet. My expectation were to delve into brief period of time, likely starting the around early 1900-1930s during the development of computer and before the internet. I was hoping to learn how drastically our world has changed as a result of the development of these technologies and what life was like before. I was really interested in learning about the space race, the social and politcal climate affecting this change, and eventually the various design choices that were made when developing the internet. I  understand that this course was design to give us a broad overview of the development of technology and communications system, the way in whcih this information in this class was conveyed left me extremely disengaged.  I do believe that the course content affected my learning outcomes to a degree beyond my control. Maybe I was supposed to provide myself with more of   oppurtunities to do reseach and to learn about the internet. But I think to a certain extent, it is reasonable to suggest that disengament from one's own learning is likley the outcome for many individuals from this class and that it is the result of the course itself rather than individual failing. I didn't take advatange of the oppurtunities afforded to me because I wasn't prepared to teach myself the content I expected to be taught as part of this course.  

Due to the sheer amount of seemingly unrelated content and the amount of time we spent coverying it, I believe that this course ended up being fundamentally misleading  . Instead, we covered the development of the silk loom [[Jan 30, W4 notes]], the telegraph [[Feb 1, W4 notes]], and eventually the first computers [[March 8, W8 notes]]. As a result I was disengaged and felt that putting in additional effort to teach myself about the history of the internet was not worth my time. I would like to add that I missed several of the classes at the end of the semester. The classes that I missed also consisted of the bulk courses content about the internet. To conclude, I fully recognize that some of my issues in not learning about the internet come as a result of my own disengagement from this course. 




